# projectsHD

Hotel Management:
*****************
This is our cicily hotel home page. In this page we have to login using username and password. Here we have 3 users hotel manager, hotel admin,receptionist. Based on designation we can access particular users pages,If we enter wrong user name and password details its shows invalid details. After that we enter manager details like username and password it goes to managerhomepage . Afer that manager page displays, in this page we have Home,Employee form,Employee Details,Room Availability,Room Booking. when we open Employee Form Page  Hotel Employee details form will be displayed were we need enter to employee details and submit. Next is Employee Details page where the submitted employee details will be shown.In this page we can do sorting according to our requirements like employee id ,gender,mobile number etc. Next is  Room Availability page in this page we have unbooked and booked rooms list. Next is Room Booking page where we can book a room by giving checkin and checkout dates and no.of beds and room type when we submit the details it asks details like name ,mbl no , email and displays available rooms. From available rooms we have to select a room andclick on book now button then a dialogue appears shows booked succesfully then click ok. when go back to room availability page the selected room by us will be shown on booked rooms side .Also in this page we have a option to cancel our booked room on booked room side and a dialogue box appers saying do u want to cancel thr room 201?then click ok to cancel booking. if we click on cancel the booked room will be cancelled. when we logout from the page and click back button and enter room booking detalis and submit then it will shows session over plaese login again>..... Logout from manager page and now we login with receptionist credentials.  In this page we will have room availabilty and room booking accessibility to recepionist the functionalities are same as the admin functionalities..

commands:1.python manage.py makemigrations 2.python manage.py migrate 3.python manage.py runserver
